you
hey there guys what's going on dr. Hicks
here yeah I'm uh I'm pretty happy you
want to know why because I just pulled a
pretty amazing commentary pretty much
out of my ass I've been playing pretty
bad all day and then all of a sudden get
this great gameplay over here yes I am
playing one in the chamber on Havana the
Cuban map Hey look at it look II I get
pretty lucky you oh good kill ya guys
for all of you who don't know the gun
game is one of the deal wager matches on
the new black ops game I actually just
noticed today this is my first first
post in a while and danger close cinema
here I haven't really done too many
videos of as of late um yeah I thought
this was a nice good game playing maybe
something which you guys would enjoy I
actually get a very very nice score here
please excuse the absolute camping
actually not gonna call camping I'm
gonna call it a more playing defensively
because I'm not too campy in this game
only one I really need to be as you see
a little bit later on but uh I actually
get a great school I think actually I'm
not going to spoil it for you guys i'll
let you just are you watching enjoy I
don't go flawless unfortunately but I'm
gonna say pretty close yes so this is my
first post on black ops full backups on
Danger Close cinema I am loving this
game guys I've already prestige just
about ready to for the second time or
getting there getting there just at it
but I'm no really enjoying the game I
haven't really done much campaign maybe
I'll do it do some a little bit later
but I really enjoying the multiplayer
moment haven't done many wager matches
actually the only reason I tried this to
tried to do well in the gun game it's
cuz one of my french challenge for me to
get the flawless I didn't get in the end
in this game but i reckon i will pretty
soon if you play strategic thing you
play smart and you keep self-covered
well you can pick up a fair few kills
fairly easily and i actually got really
close right now as you can tell me using
this I think it's the akimbo Spector's
their submachine gun this is seriously
the worst gun as if you would never
use this in a multiplayer it's just such
such terrible accuracy like how am I
supposed to go to kill in this actually
I picked this spot in the building here
because it's got a great view everyone
just seems to be carelessly running out
all over the place not really not really
considering the fact that they're dying
and actually I get a real nice comeback
in this game I was fifth of that stage
look I eventually get the kills with the
spectre and bam there you go kill with a
ak-74 you that's a great gun there onto
the assault rifles the m10 em 10 and 14
I don't I don't even know I don't use
his gun to waste in my opinion m16 this
guns fairly decent not such a fan of
burst weapons probably prefer the g11 to
this yeah the classified assault rifle
but oh that's not too bad a gun actually
I get a really nice killcam final
killcam a final couple kills in this
game go so please do hang around look at
that guys have come from fifth position
to first still without a death and I'm
I'm doing excellent how guy he really
really should have killed me I guess it
was just super unlucky that I turned
around it exactly right exactly the
right time look they give you 400
bullets in this gun but that's just a
bit too many if you ask me I waited in
the corner because I knew that guy was
coming straight back it's at this point
in class that I got the snipers that I
should have definitely new positions I'm
able to quickscope that guy but Luke you
don't want to hang around for too long I
saw that guy and I just knew he was
coming what am I supposed to do you'll
see any kind of in a couple seconds guys
yeah there is I try to no scope in a
couple times but unfortunately not very
very accurate will be watching hey go
for the hard scope look at this stage
I'm sitting pretty I didn't even say
they got to be honest now that I'm
watching it over again in theater I did
see him but I wasn't expecting him there
look at him look I just to go back for
you guys just so you can see I really
did not see let's have a look where I'm
on where I'm at on this scoreboard 16
and 1 no stabs no setbacks oh I'm doing
fairly
at this stage I was actually surprised
at my my ballistics knife in the end
didn't take me long at all so please do
stick around for the kill cam I think
you'll really enjoy it the the crossbow
killer and the ballistics knifes were
for pretty good in my opinion some of
the best i've seen some trainers I've
one after the other in the same game not
simultaneous but anyway have a look have
a look at this guy's a real nice long
shot there you go there's that hit
marker that's what you want and excuse
the fails but what I get in the end I
was really not expecting so it's coming
up guys thanks for watching I hope you
really enjoyed this commentary are
fantastic gameplay stick around here's
the kill look at that blind shot over
the wall but I thanks guys please make
sure you check out the rest of my videos
fairly shortly I'll bring bring some
more videos up soon so thanks for
watching make sure you check out my
channel rate comment and subscribe and I
will see you all later have a fantastic
day dr. hex out thanks for watching see
you all next time ciao
you